911: 9-1-1 emergency.
NURSE: Hi, I need someone to Life Care Center of Kirkland bells and whistles please.
911: And is the patient awake right now?
NURSE: He's somewhat conscious.
911: OK.
NURSE: He's turning blue, he's having a hard time breathing.
911: How old is he?
NURSE: 63.
911: And you said he's having difficulty breathing?
NURSE: Yes.
911: Could you describe-- would I be able to speak with him?
NURSE: No.
911: OK, and has he been-- has he traveled out of the country to Asia, Iran or Italy in the last 14 days of onset of his symptoms?
NURSE: He has not, but I guess I should let you know that we are the building where--.
911: OK.
NURSE: We have those two cases.
911: Okay, sure, so what we're going to ask you to do is we're going to ask you, is it possible to wheel him outside and place a mask on him?
NURSE: Oh, OK, I'll try (Off phone: We've got to wheel him outside) OK, can I-- can I go make that happen?
911: Sure, just really quickly, can I get your name and the best phone number?
NURSE: Sure [redacted].
911: OK, so like I said, we have notified aid crew at the beginning of a call, but if possible, we'd ask you to wheel him outside and place a mask on him before the aid crew gets there, OK?
NURSE: OK, thank you.
911: All right, bye bye.